[Applause]
normal people say what they mean
they want something they ask screwed-up
people never say what they mean but if
you grow up among them you learn their
ways their customs their drinking habits
until one day you become known as the
translator may I have the remote I am
currently using the remote it's ironic
you're watching synchronized swimming
when your girlfriend drowned last month
[Music]
go Niners
next time just give me the remote when
you can't communicate you act out it's
called acting out when you act out above
a freeway exit ramp
it's called violating the Penal Code
when dave and our teenagers had we seen
a sign that said penal code we just
stole did that - hey hey after this one
we'll get dangerous curves and then
slippery when wet
they arrested us put us in jail four
hours later dad brought bail he took us
home put us on the line
we did hard time hard time dad were
finished nice job boys
what you missed a spot
after that I decided dad would only
humiliate me for two more years three
years later I was on my own Dave still
lives with dad because he doesn't have
my spontaneity
excuse me Christopher Titus my brother's
been arrested who's your brother
you must be new here see this is my
other son Christopher he doesn't have as
many felonies as his brother well can
you believe Dave I wasn't surprised oh
man what do you do this time grand theft
grand theft that's a real crime and this
is a real police station and your
brother is a real criminal well dad if
you were bailing him out why did you
call me well me bailing them out is
against the rules I had him arrested
what what what you you California Public
Schools
why did you have him arrested he knows
what he did ask him okay
fine Dave she had you arrested what did
you do he can't hear you Dave isn't that
sweet two brothers joined at the wussie
mr. Titus I need you to fill this out
huh
look at me I'm fighting crime
excuse me can you get a message to my
brother in there sure what do you want
me to tell him um tell him to not worry
that his Big Brother's here no matter
what he did I'll help him out of it
don't worry your big brother's here no
matter what you did he's going to help
you out of it thank you
Dave can you hear me oh so what happened
Dave Dave Dave if you can hear me I can
hear you moron hey Dennis I found a
space can have a quarter for the meter
yellow Subaru yeah too late oh this is
all Dave's fault what is it this time
they find his marijuana plants
you smoke a little pot at school you get
suspended
you make pot into a nonfat creamy
sandwich spread you become an honor
student
so I'm graduating right valedictorian
and we'd like to come back next year as
a teacher girls volleyball coach why not
California public school Dave what the
hell happened dad went nuts when he
found out I moved out and had me
arrested for stealing my own stuff it's
my VCR officer officer look this is
ridiculous that's his son in there just
let him out you are destroying a loving
family Thank You Tommy that was a
tension breaker look we can't release
him unless your father drops the charges
dad does the perpetrator have any
recognizable scars only emotional
there's no box for that I'll just check
other
now what are you gonna do
Christopher let me try mr. Titus and
this is something my father taught me
father and son
start together and then they grow apart
until the sons ready to be a man and
then they grow together again and can
you get him away from me you know this
can't just be about a VCR what else did
you do I was just moving out well I
didn't know that yeah we'll try to told
me not to tell you
oh you you yeah I said don't tell Dad
but I also said don't tell Dad I told
you oh yeah
the only way to tell my dad your plans
is to write him a note tie that to a
brick then throw it through his window
course now dad's armed with a brick
we're leaving Kent I've hacked fine I'm
sure a 40 year old woman with big hips
and two kids when I've been any trouble
finding another husband welcome home
go buy yourself something sexy